almost 40 years ago we made a house and the family started living in it
and they were very happy
how we liked the experience
we continued to build houses there were many more families that were
happy
Had been born
tmg and our goal was and continues to improve the quality of life
of the low families that are happy
so we think maybe families would like to have a house
near the sea
the sea and with sea views
in the first line we go
amobl areas equipped with everything everything so that they only had to arrive
and have a good time so we started making houses to lavoz com ar
many formulas will be happy by the sea of ​​the Mediterranean
because our m is from the Mediterranean
and we've grown a lot since then it's still a big family of 250
people
a great family that has made many families more happy
15 thousand to be exact maybe it is the houses that we have delivered in all this
weather
15 thousand families
it says soon
but that's many more people than we can teach on this screen
15 thousand families who are now happy near the sea
sunbathing or playing in the sand strolling along the beach taking the
appetizer swimming in the sea or in the pool sitting on the fresh
having a great time
15 thousand families from all over Europe who now enjoy a house next to the
Mediterranean and many more that will enjoy great furnished villas
with pool in mallorca duplex and put them in gandía on the beaches of
Orihuela apartments with sea views next to y cante or murcia and within
very little and little on the coast of almeria and vinaroz
of families that have come from all Spain but also from Belgium
softens the mark of the ega river victory of sweden poland iceland
from Ireland
from United Kingdom
and of all Europe that for something we are in the common market
there is no doubt that we have done something big and bigger that we will follow
doing because we already have many meters prepared 11 and a half meters
squares
to be exact
that's 17 thousand homes or better said
17 thousand families that will be able to be happy near the Mediterranean
near or far that now we are also going to build in toledo
and in mexico yes in the middle of the Caribbean
yes the truth is that we have grown a lot in all this time we are no longer a sun
that the sun is born is very high and we have evolved a lot since the 70's
we have modernized although the truth is that deep down we have not changed
so much
our values ​​remain the same confidence solvency exchanges and
Our goal is to continue making homes so that more and more families can
be happy by the sea
tm real estate group your house in the mediterranean